# 6aweb-final-requirement
This is an animal rights advocacy website that serves as our final requirement in our Advanced Dynamic Web Applications (6AWEB) college course in Holy Angel University.

## Application Background
Animals are a fundamental part of our existence, bringing us companionship, love, emotional support, and even contributing happiness to our society. Despite that, some pets are cruelly treated, exploited and neglected, resulting in fighting for survival on the streets. PARA_DEVS created this website to advocate animal rights and instill to the people in Pampanga the importance of taking care of such animals and how adopting one will greatly help in reducing the number of suffering animals today.

## Framework
The framework used for this project is Angular (v18).

## Components
### 1. Home
This component is for the Home page of the website. This page provides an overview of the overall website, giving users an introduction to our advocacy, and prompt them to check out our other pages via the call-to-action buttons distributed throughout the page.

### 2. About
This component is for the About page of the website. This page gives users additional context in regards to our chosen advocacy. Our values, and the members of the team are also introduced here.

### 3. Shelters
This component is for the Shelters page of the website. This page showcases the various animal shelters located in Pampanga. Interested soon-to-be pet owners may choose among the list of animal shelters that is the most convenient for them and adopt a pet there.

### 4. Contact
This component is for the Contact page of the website. This page allows users to get in touch with the team through the contact form provided herein. The call-to-action button located at the end of every other page redirects users to this page.

## WD-302, Group 8

Members | Roles
--- | ---
David, Kate Anne S. | **Shelters Page Developer**
Dizon, Laurence Zaki G. | **About Page Developer**
Natividad, Christine Jasline D. | **Mock-ups Designer**
Paldeng, Carl Lester P. | **Contact Page Developer**
Tayag, Chester Jonathan C. | **Homepage Developer**

## Backend Capabilities
Due to time constraints, the main website hosted on GitHub pages does not have functioning backend. Instead, we have created another version of our website which supports backend functionality. The code can be seen via the backend branch of this repository.

## Canva Presentation of Website
We also made a [Canva presentation](https://www.canva.com/design/DAGhcEMEeBY/fCojzUw90QM1Bx-OEnw7cw/edit?utm_content=DAGhcEMEeBY&utm_campaign=designshare&utm_medium=link2&utm_source=sharebutton) to further showcase our website in a more visually appealing manner. Feel free to check it out!

## Project Documentation
To see more details about the creation of this project, the documentation files are located in the main branch of this repository.

---

# Additional Project Notes (generated by Angular)

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 18.2.12.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.dev/tools/cli) page.
